[UPBEAT HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ Santa's coming down
to see us soon
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Sleigh bells ringing out
a happy tune...
Hey. Audrey. welcome back!
Let me guess. on your way
to teach a class?
Only way to start the day.
Tell Justin I said hi.
♪ Flying around the world
he'll be here soon
♪ Happy Christmas ♪
Step touch.
Up for two.
Twist.
Left.
Up for two.
Twist.
Right foot. go.
Darlene. nice!
Carl. shoulders down.
remember?
Maria. you're killing it.
Come on. finish strong.
One more time.
Strong arms everybody.
Last four. here we go.
Four. three. two. one. whoo!
[ALL CHEERING]Yay!
You guys are so good.
Ah. it feels so good
to be home.
Thank you so much. [KISSES]
We really missed you.
around here.
My water aerobics class just
isn't cutting it these days.
I missed you too. Maria.
Good to see you.
How long are you
in town for?
Oh. it's up in the air
at the moment.
DARLENE: I hope you're not
going back to New York
after what happened.
I mean. we're just so happy
to have you back here.
Thanks. Darlene.
I have to go back
to the bakery
but can you give
your dad these?
I made sugar plum cookies.
His favorite.
I'll make sure he gets them.
Thanks. guys.
Thanks for coming. Bye.
Oh. let me
get that. hon.
I need to grab
some more napkins anyway.You're the best.
You look hot.
[LAUGHS]
[BOTH SQUEALING AND LAUGHING]
Oh. my gosh.
I missed you!
What? I thought you weren't
coming until next week.
Oh. slight change of plans.
I got in late last night.
Oh. God.
Why am I not surprised
that the first thing
you'd do is teach
a class.
and the second thing
is say hi
to your best friend.
You know me.
I'm always late.
Come on.
I want you to try
this new gingerbread latte
I've been working on.
Mm. yes. please.
Oh. yeah. It's Christmas
in a cup. baby.
[CHUCKLES]
So. tell me.
What happened
with Bradley?
We decided
to take a break.
Wow. Are you okay?
Yes. No. I don't know.
We just needed
time apart.
Wow!
Literally Christmas in a cup.
I'm so proud of you.
You made your dream a reality
opening this place.
I feel the same about
all you did in New York.
Yeah. the difference is
I failed.
Which. by the way.
does everyone in town
know my New York gym
ran out of business
or just Darlene?
You know how fast
the news spreads
in Mistletoe.
I mean. I think
most people knew
that Jim was
gonna propose to me
long before I did.
It's because
I was too excited
to keep it a secret.
Jim!Audrey!
Oh. get in here.
I missed your hug.
Oh!I don't know if
you heard the news
but you are looking at
the newest member of
the Mistletoe City Council.
Shablammy.Okay!
You know. honey.
you don't have to
wear that all the time.
Oh. she's jealous
of my bling.
Congratulations.
I didn't even know
you were running.
Yeah. there's a lot of stuff
that we have to catch up on.
Are you pregnant?
Oh...No. We... we wish.
Yeah. we haven't had time.
Right now we've been consumed
with. um...
finding a new location
for Mistletoe Coffee Co.
Why? This is
the perfect place.
The town is closing
the rec center.
Permanently.
How did I not know about this?
I had to wait
and tell you in person.
Yeah. that's why
we kept it on the DL.
Town budget was slashed
and the first thing
on the hit list.
parks and recreation.
I know
what this place
means to you.
This is horrible.[SCOFFS]
And at tomorrow's
council meeting
we're hearing
a presentation
from some big
ski resort company
that wants to buy up
all the land.
Does anyone have
any good news?
Any?
Well. you can still teach
in the fitness studio.
Until... well.
the padlocks go up.
[DEFLATED SIGH]
Thank you.
The place
still smells
the same.
peppermint and pine.
Ah. well it's much brighter
now that you're here.
I still can't believe
we have you
for more than three days
this Christmas.
Dad?Yeah.
Why didn't you tell me
the rec center was closing?
[SIGHS]
You know what. you'd had
so much disappointment
in New York.
I just didn't wanna ruin
your homecoming.
I guess I just always thought
it would be there.
You know. part of me taking
a big risk in New York
was knowing that Mom's studio
was always an option.Mm.
Well. I did fight very hard
to get them to cut the budget.
you know. anywhere else.
And I just didn't have
the numbers.
[PHONE BEEPING]Oh... yeah.
I've got to deliver
these Christmas ornaments
to Carl's Tavern
for Saturday night trivia.
You know what. Dad. I'll just
take these on my way home.
Really?Yeah.
Oh. that'd be great.
Thank you.
Oh. I forgot...
Darlene made you a box
of her sugar plum cookies.
Your favorite.
Oh. thank you.
Yeah. that's very sweet
of her.
You guys see
a lot of each other?
No. uh...
No. I mean. I sort of
barely know her.
I see her around.
on the council.
Can I give you a hand
with these boxes?
Dad. I'm a professional
fitness instructor.[LAUGHING] Yeah.
I think I can carry
some boxes.
Ahh! See ya later.[LAUGHING] See ya.
[PLAYFUL HOLIDAY MUSIC]
Oh!
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Merry Christmas!WOMAN: Merry Christmas!
[WHISTLING]
Oh!Oh!
Oh. gosh.
Are you okay?Yeah. Are you okay?
[SPUTTERS] Why are you
carrying around
a box of dirt?
It's not dirt.
it's poinsettias.
Did you not see me?
"Poinsett-ia." "Poinsett-ia."
No. I did see you.
I was looking at my phone.
I think it's you
that didn't see me
'cause you're carrying
this tower of junk.
It's not junk.
It's Christmas decorations.
Well...
[GRUNTS] Potato. potato.
Well. junk implies
that it's useless or trash
and these are items
that bring people joy
and trust me. we all need
a little joy right now.
Oh... Oh. what's this?
Let me guess...
[INHALES] Overpriced
artificial holly.
Careful. this is mistletoe.
Not to be messed with.
Overly-passionate about
Christmas decor. noted.
[CLEARS THROAT]
You know. I'm sorry
I bumped into you
but. uh.
a little advice...Mm-hmm?
This town is called Mistletoe
for a reason.
Ah.We're a Christmas oasis.
If you don't like the holiday
I'd hit the road.
Whoa. whoa. Hit the road?
Does Santa know
that you talk like that?
I never told you
I don't like
the holidays.
In fact. I love it.
I applaud
the commercial genius
that is Christmas.
The best parts of Christmas
are priceless.
Now why does that
sound familiar?
It's a commercial.
I have to go.
Far away from you.
Merry Christmas!
[SOFT FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hey.
I know. I know we said
no calls.
I just wanted to make sure
you got in okay.
I did. thanks.
Good. Listen. you. uh...
you tell your dad I say hi.
all right?
Bradley.
being on a break means
I don't tell my dad
you say hi.
Right. that makes sense.
Are we sure about this?
I feel like
we might be overreacting.
Well. what's the proper way
to react
when your boyfriend wants
to put things on hold?
No. no. I never said
let's put us on hold.
I just felt like
getting engaged right now
was... reckless.
Reckless?
We always said
we wanted to be engaged
by this Christmas
and then you suddenly changed
your mind.
That was before
we lost the gym. I...
I'm sorry. I didn't call
to fight. okay?
I... I just really miss you.
I miss us.
I miss that. too.
But I really feel like
being apart...
taking this time
is the right reset
we both need.
Yeah. If you say so.
Good night. Bradley.
Bye. Audrey.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
AUDREY: You look exactly
the same.
Look at this.
I got nostalgic
while decorating
last night.
Oh.
Look at us
in our little tutus.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Didn't we insist
on rainbow frill
for. like. four years?
Your mom joked we'd be going
to prom in them.
Mm-hmm.Oh. gosh.
I keep thinking what she'd say
about this place closing.
Yeah. This place means
so much to so many.
Though not everyone
can say they had
their first kiss here.
I totally forgot!
Dante Fitzpatrick
after dance class.
I... I think you were
the first and last girl
he ever kissed.
[BOTH LAUGH]Oh. gosh.
Wait a minute. what are you
doing here so early?
I didn't think you had
a class this morning.
Somebody booked
a private session.
I put a link up
on my stories
saying I'd be back
at home teaching.
filled right up.
You sound surprised.
Oh. let's just say
I have a little PTSD
from the lack of attendance
at the New York City gym.
Hm. Well. here. you're
appreciated and loved.
Thanks. Lisa.
Good morning!
Are you here for your...
You?
You're my private session?
Man. this is a small town.
I had no idea that
you worked here.
You see. when I'm
on the road traveling.
I never wanna miss
a workout.
Our inn has no gym. so Darlene
down at the bakery.
she said the very best
instructor she's ever had
is back in town.
She signed me up.
I'm assuming that's you.
Yep. That's me.
Wow. [CLEARS THROAT]
Modest. too.
So what are we
looking at here?
Some weights? Some plates?
These are terrible by the way.
Dance.
[LAUGHS]
No. no. Darlene said you were
a fitness instructor.
I am. I teach
dance-based fitness.
My routines involve a lot of
cardio and coordination.
Ew... like dance for fitness?
Trust me. it gets intense.
I do cross-fit.
Some side shuffle's
not gonna cut it.
We'll see.Okay.
[CHRISTMAS MUSIC PLAYS]
Ooh. Christmas music?
Starting November 1st.
it's the only thing I play.
You ready?Okay. [CLEARS THROAT]
It's a simple routine.
You start on the right foot.
single. single.
Double on the right.
left. right.
and a double on the left.
You want me to do that?
Well. you do cross-fit. right?
Surely this will be easy.
Six. seven. eight!
Single! Single!
Double!
Single. single.
double kick right!
A kick. kick. kick!
Kick. kick. out and right!
Right leg for four.
three. two...
Left. four.
three. two. step touch.
And a-one and a-two
and a-three and a-four
and a twist.
And a-one.
two. three. whoo!Whoo...
Okay. I think
that's enough
for today.
You hear that?
That is the sweet sound
of no more Christmas music.
Well. you sure picked
the wrong town
to vacation in
if you don't
like Christmas.
Oh. no. no. no.
I'm. uh...
I'm not on vacation. This is
strictly business for me.
Wait. Darlene said
you're back in town.
What does she mean
by that?
Oh. I grew up
in Mistletoe
and then. after college.
came back here
and taught classes.
But it was always my dream
to open a gym in New York
so for the last couple years
that's what I did.
Oh. so you're basically home
for the holidays then.
Well. something
like that.
You know. my private sessions
are for more advanced levels.
You might do better
in one of my group classes.
Okay. I'll think about that.
You really got
my heart rate up.
Nice grip.
Mm.
Bye.Bye.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
AUDREY: I know. We'll talk.[GAVEL BANGING]
Welcome everyone. welcome.
Uh. Darlene. I believe
you wanted to kick things off.
I... I just wanted
to remind everyone
that the last ever
rec center Christmas party
will be on Christmas Eve.
[APPLAUSE]
Everyone is invited.
Good drinks. great music.
EDGAR: Thank you.
Darlene.
You'd better believe
I'll be there.
So I know the closing
of the rec center
has been hard on all of us.
I just wanna
remind everybody
that this meeting
is to hear ideas
about what should happen
to the building
and of course. that includes
Mount Mistletoe.
Uh... the final vote
will be on December 23rd.
And that is just before
the council adjourns
for the Christmas holidays.
You again?
Okay. this is
coming close
to stalking.
A tad presumptuous.
don't you think?
Thinking I came here
just for you.
What are you
doing here then?
Well. isn't
the whole town
invited?
Everyone who lives
in Mistletoe.
Don't you technically
live in New York?
[MOCKINGLY]
"Don't you technically
live in New York?"
First. the council
recognizes Griffin Weston
from Skyridge Resorts.
That's my cue.
Watch my jacket.
He's the resort guy?
Do you know him?
He was my private session
this morning.
Conveniently didn't mention
why he was in town.
Mistletoe is
such a charming little town.
A Christmas oasis.
if you will. [LAUGHS]
[SCOFFS]
Imagine a place where
you can eat the best food.
drink the best wine
and get the most
relaxing massage
of your life.
And at this place. imagine
a ski slope so smooth.
so serene.
that as you're flying.
the wind's blowing by you.
you have to ask yourself.
"Am I actually flying?"
That place is called
Skyridge Resort.
People can't be
buying this.
GRIFFIN: And that dream
could become a reality
in Mistletoe.
Jackie. right?
Do you ski?
I love to ski.
Takes one to snow one.
[LAUGHS]
Powder to the people.
Oh. wow.
Can you help me?
Where is the closest hill
to here?
An hour away.
Not anymore.
[SCOFFS]
[SIGHS] It is hard that
your rec center is closing.
But you have to
ask yourself.
do you want this place
to just sit here empty.
unloved. unappreciated.
And the worst case scenario.
a big box store comes in
and just [SCOFFS]
makes themselves at home
right here
in your little town.
So you can have that
or this in your backyard.
Skyridge.
No way are they bulldozing
our beautiful center
for those fake
cobblestone walkways
and paint-by-numbers hotels.
We might not have a choice.
Not in this town.
Not at Christmas.
I'll stop him.
One way or another.
[UPBEAT HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
I don't know.
maybe the dentist
on Main Street
would rent us
the back half
of his building?
Isn't coffee not great
for teeth?
Oh... mutually
beneficial business then?
Which reminds me.
Tonight. bottle of wine?
Finally some free time?
Hey... Oh. shoot.
I forgot I volunteered for
the library toy drive tonight.Tomorrow then.
Oh. no. wait. no. wait.
we can't. That's trivia night.
Hmm.
When did our lives get
so crazy?
[SIGHS] Pretty much the second
we decided to start
trying for a baby. [CHUCKLES]Mm.
Good morning.
Three extra shots
of espresso
in my gingerbread latte.
please.
Also. a blueberry scone.
You stopped ordering
the ones with the gross
lemon zest in them. right?
Yes. after your fifth rant.
I switched up my order.
Good. I need
sugar and caffeine.
I was up all night.
Then why do you look
so upbeat?
I figured it out.
How we save the rec center.
I was up studying
the town's budgets.
Technically. we only need
$80.000
to keep
this place open
for another year.
That buys us time to find
a more permanent solution.
Only? That is a lot of money.
So we raise the money.
Well. they're voting on it
December 23rd.
That's. like. in two weeks.
I know it seems impossible.
but if I can figure out a way
for people to donate
the money
then the town
won't have to
sell the land
to that
awful resort guy.
Oh. I hate
that guy.
[SIGHS]
What are you doing here?
Grabbing myself
a cup of coffee
on my way to class.
Black. no room.
please.
Oh. you sure
you don't wanna try
one of our gingerbread lattes?
They're really good.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Sounds a little too...
Christmassy?
Sugary. But... but.
yeah. that. too.
What do you mean
"picking up a coffee
before class"?
Well.
my "fitness instructor"
said that I should stick
to group lessons. so...
I also hear that Darlene
might be there
and I may need her vote.
Oh. Well. you'll be
"wasting your breath."
She knows what a resort
like yours
can do to a town like ours.
Improve it?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Ruin it.[PHONE DINGS]
Oh. look at the time.
I should probably
get going.
Don't wanna be late.
get on my teacher's
bad side.
Thank you.
[WHISPERS] Delicious.
Jimmy? Lise?
For the Gram?
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
GRIFFIN: Thanks so much.
I can't stand
that guy.
I don't know.
seems kinda cool.
I really like the scarf
that he's got...
Oh. yeah. no. I get it.
We don't like that guy.
No. Jim.
You forgot
your scone!
Mount Mistletoe has
perfect untapped terrain
for prime skiing. Look it.
Yeah.Yeah.
Not much of a skier.Oh.
I. on the other hand.
love to shred.
Is that right?Yeah.
Snowboarding.
You look like you shred.
So here's what
you're gonna like.
Right there
is a terrain park
on the bottom.
Hey. oh. Carl.
didn't you
break your arm
three times snowboarding?
Well. it was four.
but it was
totally worth it.
Oh. that is the spirit.
Nothing is gonna
keep you down. is it?
Black diamond for you.
And come to think...
And I think it's time
we start warming up
for class.
Okay. everybody.
let's get going.
The black diamond.
is there a lot of trees
going down?
Yeah. but they're spaced out
and it's fluffy snow.
And a hot tub.AUDREY: Hey. everybody.
So. as you can see.
Mr. Resort has decided
to join us for class today.
[CLEARS THROAT]Most people call me Griffin.
Hi. everybody.
Thank you
for the introduction.
I can't wait to dance
in the Christmas capital
of the world.
Oh. you're a big fan
of Christmas. huh?
The biggest.
Oh. tell me. what's
your favorite part
about Christmas?
Well. it's...
I'd have to go with
the joy that it brings.
[LAUGHS]
That's a little vague.
Can you be more specific?
Uh. yeah. sure.
Music. How about...
The music.
AUDREY: The music?GRIFFIN: Yeah.
Oh. well what's
your favorite
Christmas carol?
Ooh. I have to pick
just one?
I'd say. The Twelve Days
Of Christmas.
Oh. I love that one. too.
Oh. remind me.
what did they bring
on the second day?
Oh. that's. um...
Turtles.
[CLASS LAUGHS]
Turtles?Yeah. Turtles... No?
[SOFTLY]
Doves. doves.Swans.
Swans?
Turtle... turtle swans.Turtle swans?
Yeah.Okay. everybody.
let's pick up the pace.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[GRIFFIN AND DARLENE LAUGHING]
You're kidding.
So you melt the butter
first?
Yes. That's what
gives it
the texture.
No. I had no idea.
[LAUGHS] You're really
this interested in baking?
Well. mostly the eating.
but you gotta
start somewhere.
[CHUCKLES]Mm-hmm.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]Oh. excuse me.
I gotta take this.
We will talk baking
later.
[CHUCKLES]
Anytime.
Okay. Bye. Darlene. Ciao.
Hello?
IVAN: So.
talk to me. Griffin.
When can we expect
to break ground?
Soon. Very soon.
That's not very specific.
Should I be worried?
When have I ever
let you down. Dad?
Town council votes
on the 23rd December.
That still gives us
a couple weeks
to make sure
they don't choose to do
anything else
with the property.
Expect any opposition?
Nothing I can't handle.
That's my boy.
chip off the old block.
Keep me updated. will you?
Okay. Well. talk to you soon.
If you follow Main Street
all the way to its end.
you'll find the beating heart
of our community.
Originally built as
the town founder's home.
it was converted into
a recreation center
in 1954.
Is this... is this
your audition tape
for the History Channel?
We're encouraging people
to donate to save the center.
Wait. you're straight up
just asking people
for money in a video?
Do you need something?No. sorry.
Don't mind me.
I'm just. uh. grabbing
some photos.
so our marketing team
can hit the ground running.
You have
a little something
there.
Thank you.Just ignore him
and keep going.
Okay.Okay.
Not only can you find
an array of classes
like foreign languages.
ceramics. painting.
but also
an art gallery.
and of course. my favorite.
a dance and fitness studio.
Wait. Lisa. do you think that
I should talk about
the donate page
before I mention everything
that we offer?
Yeah. probably.
Otherwise. it just looks like
you're making a fan video
for a building. and that's...
Wait. why are you doing
this video here
and not the rec center?
Because...We're gonna edit that in
with Audrey talking.
Mm.
Okay.
let's go again.Yeah.
This time. say
the donate now page
at the top.
AUDREY: Okay. Okay.Yeah.
Wait a sec. did you say
"donate now"?
No. no. no. no.
They give the money back
if you don't hit your goal.
We're meeting our goal.
Okay.
How's your frame?
[INHALES SHARPLY]
You wanna make sure
you get the whole shot in
so that way that we can
really emphasize
the ski resort.
and people can see
the full potential of it.
yeah.
[SPUTTERS]
Lisa. I'm done.
We're moving inside
the rec center.
Let's go.
Don't stay up too late.
sweetheart.
You know the old saying.
A watched donation site
never boils
or. you know.
something like that.
I have to figure out a way
to reach more people
if this is gonna work.
Everything
I've read online
says that
the first two hours
after a post goes up
are the most important.
But at this rate
it's gonna take me
a decade to save
the center.
Well. it's a lot of money
to be raised
in a short time.
[SIGHS] Maybe
I'm fooling myself.
If I couldn't save my gym.
how can I save the center?
It's just everything
I thought my life
would be by now
hasn't happened.
I thought I at least
could do this.
Well. you know what
your mom would say.
She'd say if everything's
not going exactly the way
you want it to.
there's usually
something better
around the corner.
Good night. [CHUCKLES]
You picked
the perfect tree.
And don't forget.
sign up
on the donation page
to help save the rec center.
[RINGING]
Bradley. Hi.
Are you ready for
some amazing news?
I think so?
I just had a meeting
with Susan Price.
The head of New York Solis
Fitness Clubs?
Yes. She took
one of our classes
back in the day
if you remember.
when we first opened. and.
she liked what she saw.
Audrey. she wants to hire
the both of us
to teach at her
Solis Fitness Club in Soho.
You're kidding.
No. She loves our energy.
We'd fit right into
their structure.
She even wants us to start
in the new year.
Can you believe it?
You and I working for one of
the biggest fitness empires
in the world.
That's amazing.
We wouldn't have much freedom
with what we taught.
Um. yeah. you're right.
But the truth is. you know.
boutique fitness clubs
are not exactly thriving
right now
and we had to learn that
the hard way.
So this... this is our shot
at getting back on top
and making it
in New York. together.
Can I think about it?
Absolutely. Yeah.
Maybe we should let her know
soon. though. right?
Totally.
Uh. I have to go.
Can I call you later?
Audrey. Maybe...
maybe this is the reset
we both need.
[UPBEAT HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
DARLENE: Need a hand?
Uh. no.
Thanks. Darlene.
I got it. I got it.
Oh. okay.
Okay. Carl's best
candy cane martinis.
woo-hoo!
Sorry we're late.
Oh. no worries at all.
Oh. we wish that was why.
and we were going to.
but. uh... well. Jim.
Uh. I may or may not have
set off the smoke alarm
trying to surprise Lisa
with a romantic dinner.Oh... [CHUCKLES]
The point is.
we're gonna need
some food.
Food. I'll get us
some cheese fries.
JIM: Thank you.
Oh!Oh! [COUGHS]
Wow.
It's a really good thing
that wasn't hot cider.
You've got to
be kidding me.
You're here
for Mistletoe trivia night?
Yeah. I'm on Fred
and Margot's team.
Maureen. Fred and Maureen.You sure?
You realize
this is trivia about
the town of Mistletoe?
Something you know
nothing about.
Yeah.Nothing!
Yeah. That's why
I'm on the best team.
It's a strategy.
Are you worried?
You know I think you'll
probably do okay.
You're from here.
You have an open tab.
though. right?
Hey. Carl?
Can we get another one
of these on her tab?
Thank you.
It's almost gone.
I'm thirsty.
Oh... Do you have a shirt?
Do you have another...
Please.
There you go.
Thanks C-Town. [EXHALES]
Can you believe him?
[EXHALES]
So. I guess
no cheese fries then.
EDGAR: Who's ready to use
their brains?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUDING]Yeah!
Welcome. everyone.
welcome to Mistletoe's
monthly trivia night.
Whoo!
[ALL CHEERING]
Please write
your answers legibly.
We don't want another
Santa Fanta debacle.
[ALL LAUGH AND APPLAUD]
Here we go.
What year did the town
of Mistletoe
eliminate the sales tax
on Christmas trees?
[INDISTINCT WHISPERING]
[BELL RINGING]
1931 is the correct answer.
[GROANS][CHEERING]
EDGAR: Okay. folks.
here we go.
We're coming down to it.
next question.
Phoradendron is
the most common species
of mistletoe.
Name two of the other
1.300 species.[LAUGHING]
Okay. okay.
You know
he's trying to get them
to vote for the resort.
Okay. I know dwarf is one kind
but what's another kind?Yeah.
[ALL LAUGHING]
What could they possibly
be laughing about?Audrey? Audrey? Audrey?
Oh. Uh. uh. uh. uh... desert.
[BELL RINGING]
Let's see 'em.
When did they
even have time
to write all those?
We cannot let him win!
[JAZZY CHRISTMAS MUSIC
PLAYING]
And so it looks like
it's coming down to...
We Noel It All...
[ALL CHEERING]Yes! Yes!
EDGAR:
And Too Cool For Yule.
[ALL CHEERING]Yeah! Come on! Come on!
And it is coming down
to the final question.
which is...
What tradition... oh. and this
was started by my wife.
uh. Hailey Parker. by the way.
Thank you. Hailey.
What tradition
used to be incorporated
into the school
Christmas recital every year?
[EXCLAIMS]
No way they know this. Fred
and Maureen don't have kids!
[BELL RINGING]
Kickline wins it!
[CHEERING]Yes! Yes! Yes!
We Noel It All
are the winners!
We won! We won!
[LAUGHING]
[GASPS] That's it!What's it?
That's how we save the center!
A town-wide kickline.
We could get people
to sign up
and pledge per kick.
Imagine. a huge kickline
going down Main Street.
[GASPS] It'll be
so visually stunning
no one could ignore it.
I love it.
Count me in.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Sign up for
the Kickline Kick-a-thon
right here!
Come and get it!
Thank you.
See you there.
Oh. kickline...
like the Rockettes?
Yes. And all the money
we raise will be going
to save the rec center.
I'm so in.
I've been taking
ceramic classes there
since I was four.
Aw. well. here.
Invite your friends.
Get them to sign up. too.Definitely.
Bye.
[PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi. Kickline Kick-a-thon.
[DOOR BELLS CHIME]
Now remember.
baking is both.
an art and a science.
Hello.Huh.
Hey. Audrey.
You're just
in time.
Oh.GRIFFIN: We're making
some. uh. Christmas rolls
which apparently are
just cinnamon rolls
with red and green
food coloring
on them.
Right?And a dash
of peppermint.
Griffin bakes.Yep. [CLEARS THROAT]
Well. he was sweet enough
to offer to help
since tomorrow's
Mistletoe Christmas Market
usually involves
a large order.
How sweet of him.
I'm sure there's
no hidden motive whatsoever.
My vote? Trust me.
I am well-aware.
But he volunteered
and I need
as much help
as I can get.
Oh. well.
I'll help. too. then.
Uh. not that much help.
I think we've probably
got it.
I'm here.
Might as well.
DARLENE: Okay. sure.
I'll just grab
an apron.Oh. got one!
Great. [CHUCKLES]DARLENE: Here.
Now this recipe
was handed down to me
by my mother.
AUDREY: Aw.
Oh. so she was
a baker. too?
Oh. yes. just not
professionally.
Although. neither was I
until 10 years ago.
You're kidding me.
I would've thought you'd been
doing this your whole life.
I used to be a lawyer.
Really?Mm-hmm.
Oh. shoot. I'm gonna get
some more flour.
Okay. Thanks. Darlene.
You're not gonna
get her vote
so you can stop whatever...
this is.
Well. think of
all the resort guests
who get to enjoy
Darlene's delights.
Oh. so you're telling me
that your resort
wouldn't have a bunch of
chain restaurants
that everyone would
go to instead?
People deserve
to have options. Audrey.
Tell that to
all the local businesses
that are at
the Mistletoe Marketplace.
Right.
What's that again?[SIGHS]
The small fair
at the rec center
where the local businesses
come to promote
their Christmastime items.
That could be
really informative.
Oh. no.I'm coming.
No. no. no. no. no.
You're not invited.
I'm coming.No!
I'll be there.No!
Ah. this... [SIGHS]
Okay. This is
way too painful.
Well. I don't know.
it's like. broken.
Let me show you
how you do it. Ugh. gosh.
Go in these...
in the lines.
What?
You have something
on your nose.
Flour.
Oh.So do you.
Well look.
now we. um...
At least we have
something in common.
[BOTH LAUGH]
[HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
I've got some good news
for you.
GRIFFIN: Oh?
Peter is retiring.
Really? Yeah.
Something about wanting
to spend more time
with his family or something
so I told the board
I had the perfect replacement.
[LAUGHS] What?
Me?
Of course. you're my son.
This is your legacy.
You land
that Montana resort
and you'll be the next
chief operating officer
of Skyridge Resorts.
Um...
Right.
Do I sense some hesitation?
No. I mean.
recently. there's been
a little bit of pushback
from the community. but...
nothing I can't handle.
It's nothing to worry about.
I should hope not.
The next COO of Skyridge
can handle a few
disgruntled townies.[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[LAUGHS] That's right.
I gotta jump on
this call. Talk later?
All right. thanks. Dad.
Oh. hey...
Looking good. sweetheart.Thanks. Dad.
Morning.
No.
No. no. no. no. no!
What are you doing?
I'm setting up my booth.
Spoke to the council.
turns out all you
gotta do is pay a fee
and then anyone can set
one of these things up.
And look at this.
They chose to put us
right next to each other.
Why do you need a booth?
Well.
so people can learn
some information
about Skyridge Resorts.
Look. then the community
can get to know us
a little better.
What do you think of this?
[LAUGHS]
Look at that!
The Mistletoe Christmas Market
is to promote businesses
in Mistletoe.
You're not
a business
in Mistletoe!
Right. I know.
Not yet.
Is it too big? I think
it's a little too big.
[GROANS IN FRUSTRATION]
[LAUGHS]
Kickline Fundraiser!
A few kicks each
and we save
the rec center!
[PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Jim.Yeah?
Will you watch my booth
for a second?
Sure. Why?
AUDREY: Somebody's gotta
stop him.
Okay.[CLEARS THROAT]
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Hey.
Griffin. Hi.
Talk later.
Audrey. Hi.
Brochure?Oh. no.
Um. actually.
I wanted to see
if you wanted to grab
a cup of coffee.
Black. no sugar.
Just how you like it.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.
You're kidding.
No. come on. Let's go.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
I know what you're doing.
You don't wanna
get coffee with me.
You want me to leave
this little Christmas market.
don't you?
And I know what you're up to.
You're trying
to razzle-dazzle
this town
into thinking what you want
instead of what we want.
You mean what you want.
"Razzle-dazzle."
All right. Enlighten me.
Fine.
Look. This booth over here
with the snow-globes.
it's our bookshop.
They do
weekly story-time
for kids.
[CHUCKLES]
And you know Carl
from class.
GRIFFIN: Hello. Carl.[AUDREY CHUCKLES]
He's the fourth Carl
in his family
to own this tavern.
Any boy born in our family
gets the name.
And some girls. too.
Carla. Carlita.
And this is
Abe's Auto Shop.
He can fix anything.
not just cars.
Wow. This is great.
All this information for
little conversation starters
when I wanna promote
the resort.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
No.
I'm trying to tell you that
each of these establishments
are run by people.
Unique individuals
that your corporate resort
would hurt.
You mean help. right?
This town cannot afford
to even keep
the recreation center open.
Yet you have
this beautiful location
that would just attract
tons and tons of people
and it would boost
the economy.
I saw the list of amenities
your resort has.
Restaurants.
There goes Carl's Tavern.
Shopping. Goodbye
Main Street boutiques.
And it's a domino effect.
One corporate resort
comes to town
and the rest
are sure to follow.
What is it that you have
against big companies?
Nothing.
They just don't belong here.
Can you honestly tell me
that none of these people
would lose their businesses
because of your resort?
Oh. Audrey.
have you met
my grandson Elvis?
Hi. Hi. Elvis.
you're adorable.
Do you want one?
He got it.[ALL CHUCKLE]
MAN: Mistletoe Toss
is open.
Dare I ask what
a Mistletoe Toss is?
It's exactly
what it sounds like.
What color do you want?No. I'm good.
I don't wanna throw
a parasitic plant
at a peppermint...
Griffin.Yep.
Mistletoe tradition.Mm.
You must try.
Come on. it's fun.Okay.
Go. Team Audrey.Thanks. Dad.
[SNICKERS]
What. you scared?
Scared?
Well. you said you worked out
and then my class
kicked your butt.
so I'm guessing that
you're a little nervous
to lose at the Mistletoe Toss
in front of all these people.
Okay. fine. I'll play you.
Let's go.
Are you sure?
I'm practically pro.
What. at this?
How about this?
If I win...Yeah.
You take down your
resort propaganda routine.
[SCOFFS]
Okay. Okay.
And if I win.
which I will. then.
hmm. what am I
gonna do? Oh!
I am not giving up
the kickline.
You have to have dinner
with me.
What? Why?
I think maybe we got off
on the wrong foot.
We could have
a productive conversation
and I could share with you
all the merit
of the Skyridge Resort.
You're not gonna change
my mind.
But since I know
I'm gonna win.
okay. sure.
let's do it.
Ladies first.
Oh. I thought you said
you were pro.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Warming up. Griffin.All right.
[LAUGHS]
Okay.
maybe I'm just
warming up. too.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Let's see what you got.Mm-hmm.
Yes!
Okay. that's luck.
That is luck.
Skill. Skill. skill. skill.That is luck.
All right. here we go.
This is...
Oh!
Now that was luck.No. that was skill.
All right. what you got.[CLEARS THROAT]
[LAUGHS]
Might as well start taking
your booth down now.
How about you
get ready to choose
what you want for dinner
'cause this is going
right on. Look at that.
Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah.
What've you got?
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Ooh!
[LAUGHS][HUFFS]
I am so sorry
but if I make this
I win the entire thing.
the Mistletoe Toss?
You won't.Okay.
Oh. yeah![SIGHS]
Game. set and match.That was a fluke.
I thought you were a pro?
Just a question.
Do you like Italian?
Because Carl's Tavern has
a really nice Bolognese.
Yeah. I don't
eat meat anymore.
No? [CHUCKLES][HUFFS]
A date?
It's not a date. it's dinner.
Alone. together.
I'm sure
I could get out of it.
Why?
It could be fun.
and you and Bradley
are on a break.
But he's the enemy.
Pretty cute enemy.
Trust me.
it's the last thing
I have to think about
right now.
LISA: Hmm.
What do you have to
think about right now?
The Solis job?
Bradley?
Right now. it's the kickline.
We have a lot of sign-ups.
we just need a lot more
kick pledges.
You should definitely
take it online.
I would love
a blueberry scone.
as long as there's
no lemon zest in it.
'cause that is disgusting.
See. Lisa?
I'm not the only one.
Right? Totally overpowers
the simplicity of the scone.
I've been saying that
for years.
She really has.
What do you mean
take it online?
The kickline is
already connected to
a "Donate Now" page.
Well. since you're asking.
Mistletoe is only so big.
right?
Mm.
So. if you livestream
the event.
then you reach
a larger audience
and interest in this thing
just goes up and up and up.
And if you open it up.
then people everywhere
can donate
to your little
line kicky thing.
Kickline.
That... yeah. that.
GRIFFIN: Ooh!
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]There we go.
See ya tonight.
See ya tonight... Tonight?
Wait! We never decided
on a day for dinner.
Tonight!
See? He's never
doing something
out of the kindness
of his own heart.
Helping Darlene bake.
taking me to dinner.
there's always
a hidden motive.
Still. he did inspire
a pretty good idea.[SIGHS] Meh...
And until two seconds ago
I thought you were
the only person who hated
lemon zest in their scones.
Everyone hates lemon zest
in their scones.
It's like fruitcake.
Everybody hates fruitcake.
Okay. so. the first link
is for everyone anywhere
to watch the kickline.
And then this link
is connected to
the donate page
so people can pledge
per kick.
Crazy.
Bradley did
all this tech stuff
for the gym in New York.
but today. I figured out
I can do it too.
I like seeing you
so determined.
Thanks. Dad.
It feels good
to be hopeful again.Yeah.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
You expecting anybody?
Tell him I'm not home.
[LAUGHS]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Yeah. she's... Oh.
she's not here.
A poinsettia? Funny.
Pretty sure
it's "poinsett-ia."
And I was... I'm going
more for sweet.
but funny. I'll...
I'll take funny from you.
I know what you're doing.
You're trying to be
all charming and sweet.
So you do think
I'm charming and sweet.
[SCOFFS] You want
my dad's vote.
You've got
Fred and Maureen
in the bag.
Jackie is a wild card.
Jim still believes there's
a better solution.
And Darlene. hmm.
you just don't know.
So you're trying to secure me
to get all of them.
Wow. That is an exhausting way
to look at somebody who just
wants to invite you to dinner.
Am I wrong?
[LAUGHS]
Listen. My objective is this.
to better this town.
My objective tonight
is to have dinner.
Preferably with you
right next to me
and prove to you that
I'm not some evil
corporate mustache twirler.
Right?
She would love to go.
Dad.
It's dinner.
It's not eternity.
Good luck.
It's just dinner.
So why fitness?Why fitness?
Thanks. Carl.CARL: Enjoy.
GRIFFIN: Thanks. Carl.
My mom.
She taught me
that it is a privilege
to move your body
and we shouldn't take it
for granted.
I've never... I've never
thought of it quite like that.
I just love inspiring people
to want to work out.
Is that why you moved
to New York.
to spread the gospel
of enjoying workouts?
My mom was originally
from New York
so it was always my dream
to go there. too.
You know. if you can
make it there. you can...
Yeah. So can I... Can I ask.
what happened
in New York exactly?
Well. Bradley. uh.
my business partner and I.
we thought that
a neighborhood gym
could thrive.
You know. something small
and boutique.
We put all our money
into it
and. you know.
and then we just
couldn't compete
with the big chains
and it fell apart and...
we fell apart.
Everything fell apart.
So. I take it. Bradley.
then is...
is a little bit more than
a business partner.
Boyfriend.
Well. not currently.
We're on a break.
Okay. Well.
that explains
why you have a grudge
against large companies then.
because they ran you
out of business. right?
I don't have a grudge.Oh.
Solis Fitness Center
has offered us jobs
in the new year
and I'm seriously considering
accepting.
So you're considering
working for
a large corporation. right?
Yet you're actively trying
to stop me.
a large corporation.No. not at all
the same thing.
Oh. please explain.
[SIGHS] I'm not trying
to stop you.
[SIGHS]
Okay. I am.
[LAUGHS]
I am. I'm trying to stop you.
But it's because
I'm trying to save
the rec center.
You just happen
to be the person
that wants to
tear it all down.
Otherwise we'd be friends.
though. right?
Mm. I don't know
if I'd go that far.
[LAUGHS]
I can't be friends
with somebody
who says poinsett-ia.
[LAUGHS]It's poinsettia.
Really? You can't name five?
I don't think I could
actually name one.
Oh! You know what?
My friend...Okay.
...had a cat. No. goldfish.Good.
Girl... Victoria.
No. Victor. Victor.
No! Victor?Yeah.
Oh. my God. Vixen!Oh. close enough.
Vixen. Oh.
this is real.
What's... What's real?The whole...
The whole Christmas is
all about making money.
the Scrooge routine.
I hate to break it to you
but them are the facts.
Yes. but you're missing
the point.
What's the point?
The reason for it all.
Christmas is...
it's about a feeling.
It's... it's something that
you can't put into words.
My... my mom was
really into Christmas.
Like. we're talking
Mistletoe level.
Yeah. I think if
she was still around.
you know. maybe things
would be different.
I'd look at Christmas
a bit differently.
[SIGHS]
Maybe that's why my dad
doesn't wanna celebrate
with me.
is 'cause it's
too hard for him.
What does your dad do?
Um. he's in real estate.
He. uh... he owns
Skyridge Resorts.
Your dad owns Skyridge?Mm-hmm.
Skyridge is
a family business?
Yep. Sure is.
It's sort of like
Carl's Tavern.
you know.
we'll just fit right in.Oh. just like Carl's Tavern.
Carl's Tavern is not trying
to take over the world.
Neither are we.
I mean. I do have
a shot at COO
if I make this deal
come together.
You know. it'd also
make my dad
really happy. so...
Well. what about you.
would that make you happy?
Why wouldn't it?
Well. you know.
when you were little...
what did you dream about?
Is COO your New York?
Um...
No. It was just my assumed...
path for me.
Paths can change.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I don't know
who that is.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Bradley!
Surprise.Hi.
I saw your post this morning
and I just wanted to come
and help the kickline.
So I took about
three different flights
but I made it. [CHUCKLES]
Ah. hi.
AUDREY: Oh. come in.
The place looks
absolutely great.
Bradley. Griffin.
Griffin. Bradley.
Pleasure.
Hey.Hi.
What's with
the giant poinsettia?
Oh. it's a long story.
Okay.GRIFFIN: Actually.
you know. I'll tell it.
It's "poinsett-ia."
I was. uh...
I bumped into Audrey
and she kinda dumped...
she kinda dumped it on me.
[BOTH LAUGH]
[CLEARS THROAT]
You did what now?[SPUTTERS]
Don't worry about it.Okay.
[AUDREY LAUGHS WEAKLY]
[CLEARS THROAT]
I should probably go.
All right. I'm gonna go.
Okay.
Good to meet you.You. too.
Thanks for the cookies.
Who was that guy?
[PEACEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Bradley's here?
I thought you guys broke up
because he wouldn't propose.
No. We're on a break.
Oh. Uh. is that
different or...
Apparently. he saw my post
about the kickline
and said he wanted to be
a part of it.
He said he knew
it was important to me.
Well that's
kinda sweet. right?
Very. But I don't know.
It's nice to have the help.
It's just. it felt good
doing something on my own.
Jim. what's with the scarf?
Hmm?
JIM: The... Oh. the...
Griff wears a scarf. so...
[SIGHS]
I guess Griff's making
an impression on everybody.
Oh. my God.
that reminds me.
How was the date?
It wasn't a date.
It was dinner.
And?
And. all things considered.
if I had to say...
one way or the other
at the end of the night...
It was nice.
[MUFFLED SQUEAL]
But nothing changes the fact
that he wants
to rip this place apart
and build a mega super-resort.
Oh. Jim. don't give me
that look.
LISA: Told you so.It means nothing!
[HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
BRADLEY: Thank you.Oh!
Oh. shoot. Oh. shoot.I'm so sorry.
It's me. You know.
I wasn't looking.
GRIFFIN: No. no. I was
looking down at my papers.
[BOTH SPEAK INDISTINCTLY]Here's your card.
Yes. Thank you.
Oh. Okay. You.You.
Grant. right?
No. uh. close.
It's. uh. Griffin.
[CLEARS THROAT]Griffin.
Barry?
Close. actually.
It's Bradley.
Bradley. that's right.Right.
Yeah.
So...So... so.
You are here to destroy
Audrey's rec center.
I wouldn't word it that way
at all. actually.No?
No. I'm here to turn this land
into something useful
that'll benefit Mistletoe
for years to come.
So. gotta go.Sure.
Before... Before you go...Okay.
Just one... one little thing.
Audrey's mom taught there
before she died.
You know. that's why the place
means so much to her.
Yep. I... I know. I know.
The place means a lot.
I got it.
And Audrey means a lot to me.
Good. Okay. I'm gonna go.
I should probably go.Yeah.
Don't wanna be late for.
uh... For class.Sure.
Class. Audrey's class?Yeah.
What do you know.
I'm headed there. too.
No way.Yeah. Amazing.
That is great.I know.
Okay. well. after you.
No. please. I insist.
After you.
No. no. no.No. no. age before beauty.
[BOTH LAUGH]
All right. there you go.Great.
No. Actually.
you know what? No.
Oh. come on!No.
[UPBEAT CHRISTMAS MUSIC
PLAYING]
Left side!
Out and in!
Right hip!
Step touch!
AUDREY: Box step!
One more time!
AUDREY: Step touch!
Box step!
And ready. finish!
AUDREY: Whoo!
Okay. Great job.
everybody.
Thank you. thank you!
[CHEERFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
This is different
than New York.
You have to order
the cheese fries.
I can't. I'm trying to do
this clean eating week.
You know how it is.Clean eating?
It's Christmas.
Christmas calories
don't count.
Right.Uh-huh.
Hmm.I've missed you.
I still can't believe
you're here.
A kickline sounded fun
and I already have
some pledges
from some followers.
What?
Thank you. that's awesome.
So. have you given it
any more thought?
I'll call Solis right now
and tell them we're in.
I haven't decided anything
just yet.
Audrey. we...we need
to give them an answer.
It's not a package deal.
You could take the job
without me.
Maybe I don't wanna do it
without you.
It's just that
they want me to teach
their classes their way.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hey. you... you remember
what you first said to me
when we met at
that fitness conference
four years ago?
The greatest gift we have
as fitness instructors
is to inspire as many people
as possible.
This is how you do that.
I can't believe
you remember that.
So. there's no one here.
Let's say we close early?
It's like you read my mind.Mm-hmm.
Oh. good.
you're still open. Hey.
Uh-huh.
Whew.The usual?
No. Actually. I wanna go on
a little bit of an adventure.
Gotta work tonight.
so how about
you whip me up
one of those
gingerbread lattes
that Audrey's just been
going on and on about?
I'd love to.JIM: Yeah. Hmm.
Christmas spirit finally
rubbing off on you.
Yeah. [LAUGHS]
Something like that.
So you know. the vote. uh.
for the city council's
just in a few days.
Any idea. Jim. which way
you're leaning?
Uh. look.
I like you. Griff.
Do you mind
if I call you Griff?
Griff? [LAUGHS]
No one ever has. but sure.
Oh. that's surprising.
Seems natural.
Anyway. uh. as of right now
there is nowhere else
in Mistletoe
for the Coffee Co.
Now. I've gotta
wait and see
if we can save it.
I mean. you understand.
right?
I understand.[MIMICS EXPLOSION]
You know. maybe there's a way
for the coffee shop
to be at my resort.
But I thought
the Skyridge Resorts
had a direct deal
with the. uh.
Buckstar coffee chain.
They do. but it doesn't
have to stay that way.
Mm. Wow. that tastes like
liquid fruitcake.
but not gross.
Don't tell Audrey
but she's right.
I'll tell her.
Yeah. Hey. Jimbo.
love the scarf on you.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
No.
Loves it.Yeah.
[PEACEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi. Sorry. guys. Hey!
Hi.
I thought we could
use this instead.
It's a much better lens.
Oh. my gosh.
thank you so much.
You're welcome.So nice of you.
I'll take this.
Whoa. wow.Whoa.
[LAUGHS]
Are you hoping
someone in particular comes?
What?
You and that Griffin guy.
Is there something going on
between you two?
Bradley. I barely know
the guy.
And he's trying
to take away
the thing
that means the most to me
in this world.
What do you think?
Okay.
Today is about this.
What about tomorrow?
What?
Well.
what if tomorrow
was about us?
A second first date.
I'd like that. Yeah.
Great.Okay.
I'll. uh... I'll go help
with more cameras.
Thank you.
[PLAYING LIGHT MUSIC]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Yeah. Dad. hey.
thanks for calling me back.
I just wanna
float something by you.
Shoot.
Okay. One of the things
that makes Mistletoe so great
is the community
of small businesses. right?
They're all unique
and some of them
are even legacy.
Okay.
One of the things
we're getting a little bit
of pushback on
is some of the things
we're offering are in conflict
and they're...
they're worried
that they'll strain some of
the local businesses.
Ah. that's par for the course.
Places usually learn to adapt.
Okay. What if we tailored
the Skyridge Mistletoe Resort
just a little bit differently?
You know. not so much
the cookie-cutter approach.
Ugh. If it ain't broke.
don't fix it.
That's business 101.
Be honest son. are you worried
you won't get the votes?
No. No. no. no.
I'll get... I'll get
the votes. it's...[SIGHS]
All right. just...
Just forget I called.
All right?
Thanks. Dad.
Okay. T-minus two minutes!
Places. everyone!
[CLEARS THROAT]
Room for one more?
This is the last place
I thought you would be.
Well. I mean.
you know how good
I've gotten at dancing.
You think I'd miss
an opportunity
to kick my legs up in the air
over and over again?
No way. Jose.
To save the very thing
you wanna take.
Well. it's
great publicity. right?
Sure. Or was it possibly
the gingerbread latte
you had last night?
Maybe.Mm-hmm.
[LAUGHS]
I'm glad you're here.
Come on. get in line.
All right. Let's line kick.Go.
[TAPPING MICROPHONE]
Is this thing on?
Okay. thank you so much.
First and foremost.
I just wanna say
thank you again
for coming to the Mistletoe
Kickline Fundraiser!
[ALL CHEERING AND APPLAUDING]
Thanks to all of you. we are
about to break the record
for the longest
Christmas kickline
and save the rec center
while we're at it.
Whoo!
Okay. so. I'm gonna start
the music.
That way you can hear the beat
and then I'll kick you in.
Okay.
Are we ready?
Five. six. seven. eight!
Step. kick!
Whoo!
Step kick!
Step left!
Step right!
Whoo!
Keep going!
Keep up.
everybody!
AUDREY: Whoo!
That's right.
Mistletoe!
Keep going!
Almost there!
Here we go! Last four.
Three. two. one and pose!
[ALL CHEERING]
AUDREY: Good job.
ladies and gentlemen!
We did it!
The longest Christmas kickline
in Mistletoe history!
Whoo!
That was incredible.
Oh. my God. thank you.
You did it!
That was amazing.[CHEERS]
Yeah! Thank you.
My gosh. that was so crazy!
Bradley. Bradley...
Jim needs your help
ending the feed.
I'm worried people are
gonna be seeing him stretch.
Ooh. on it.
[LAUGHS]
I would call that
a success. Seriously.
pledges were
coming in
left and right.
I have a really. really
good feeling about this.
Yeah?
Uh-oh.What?
You like Griffin.
No. Come on.
The endorphins got you
all mixed up.
Oh.
Bradley's right there.
Seriously.
Nothing's going on. nothing.
Stop it.
LISA: Look at Jim!
AUDREY: Jimbo.
what is he doing?
Darlene. CBS Morningshas
mentioned the kickline.
The video went viral.
Look how many views it has.
And donations are still
pouring in.
we only need 20 grand more.
Look at me go.
[LAUGHS]
This is wonderful.
Audrey. Well done.
Round of
gingerbread lattes
on the house.
Yes! Whoo!Whoo!
Whoa. whoa.
What are we celebrating?
Well. not to brag.
but numbers
are looking good.
Really? Okay.
Let me see this.
Look at the comments.
too.
Let me see.
"That looks like fun.
I'd like to try that.
"I hear she's
a fitness instructor.
"I'd take her class."
Look at that. Wow.
This is really good.
good publicity
for you. too.
You getting nervous about
the vote tomorrow?
No. Look it. you still got
a ways to go. [LAUGHS]
Hey. people are
still donating.
And it's Christmas!
This is the time
for miracles.
I have never met anybody who
sees the world the way you do.
No matter
what happens here.
I hope you realize just how
truly amazing you are.
Gingerbread lattes
for everybody!
Oh. wow. Oh. yay.
Okay. Whoo.Oh. me. too? Wow.
Cheers. [HUMS]Cheers.
Griffin.Cheers.
Cheers.Thanks.
[PEACEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh. well. look at you.
What are you
all dressed up for?
Bradley's taking me
on a second first date.
Oh. so the break is over?
I'm not sure yet.Huh.
[SIGHS]
Dad. I know that look.
Uh. hey. no judgment.
Um. I just want you
to be with someone
who inspires you. and.
you know. sees you.
Funny. That's what I want
for you. too.
Darlene. Dad.
She clearly likes you.
She's kind. beautiful...
You seem to avoid her
at every chance you get.
What's going on?
Do you not like her?
I do like her.
So ask her out.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[SIGHS]
You know. your mother was
the love of my life.
Twenty-five wonderful years.
Losing her was
the most painful thing
I have ever experienced
and quite frankly.
I'm not sure
I can handle that again.
Dad. I would hate it
if you missed out on love
because you were scared.
You're the bravest man
I know.
Ah.
You deserve to be happy.
Don't worry about me. please.
Mom would want you
to be happy.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
That's Bradley.
You deserve to be happy. too.
That was delicious.Yeah.
I wish I could've
taken you
somewhere nicer
for dinner. but...
Carl's Tavern
is nice.
[LAUGHS]
Well. soon we'll have
all our restaurant options
back at our fingertips.
right?
Remember that sustainable
sushi restaurant?
That just opened
right across the street
from Solis.
Oh. spicy tuna...
Bradley.
What if I didn't take
the job at Solis?
And do what instead.
freelance?
Stayed here.
I really think
I'm gonna save
the center
and these last few weeks
teaching here.
just feels right.
Stay in Mistletoe permanently.
I... I thought you wanted
more than this?
I haven't decided yet. I...
Just being back
with my dad and friends.
I forgot how much
I love it.
Audrey. you're meant for
bigger things than Mistletoe.
I know it. you know it.
Just come back
to New York with me.
I. uh...
I should've done this
a long time ago.
[GASPS]
I love you. Audrey Parker.
[AUDREY GASPS]
I know. It's a lot
to spring on you
and I don't want you
to feel pressured
to answer right now.
Just... just hold on
to it. okay?
Hmm. Wow. [SIGHS]
It's. um... Wow.
I know.What did you say?
Nothing yet.
What are you going to say?
I don't know. A part of me
wants to say yes.
It's what we always planned.
I know Bradley.
I know what
being with him is.
With this job. things
could be really solid.
Solid. Not the most
romantic word in the world.
You just have to figure out
what it is that you want
in your life.
Is it to marry Bradley
and work for Solis?
Or is it something else?
Solis could put me on the map.
Relaunch my career.
Bradley and I could be
great together.
But...
I just feel like there's
this force or part of me
that's pulling in the complete
opposite direction.
Does that direction
start with a "G"
and end with a "riffin"?
Any more donations come in?
Still short. and the vote
is in a few hours.
We could all vote no
and buy us more time.
Maybe.
The last I checked.
Jackie still hasn't
made up her mind yet.
Good.
Maybe we can find some
loans or state subsidies
or something.
This can't be it.
I can't have failed
at this. too.
Do you know why
your kickline video
went viral?
Because everyone loved it.
They loved you.
And no matter what happens.
I am so proud of you.
I always will be.
Thank you.
EDGAR: All right.
settle down. everyone.
We're officially calling
this meeting to order
and tonight's meeting
is to vote on
whether to approve
the council's decision
to sell
the rec center property
to Skyridge Resorts.
Dad? Is it okay
if I say something?
EDGAR: Yes. absolutely.
The floor recognizes
Audrey Parker.
I know some of you heard
that the fundraiser
didn't quite hit our goal.
But we came close.
And I still believe
that there is a way
to raise
the rest of the money.
So I'm asking the council.
for the sake of those
who gave what they could.
please.
please vote no.
on selling the center
to Skyridge Resorts.
Give us more time.
Even if the rec center
stays empty.
at least there's hope.
And isn't that what Christmas
is all about?
Thank you.
Uh. does anyone have
anything else?
I thought
I'd be hearing
from you.
The floor recognizes
Griffin Weston.
Thank you.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Listen. I understand
you're hesitant to say goodbye
to something so meaningful.
But I promise you.
Skyridge Resorts
will do everything
that we can
to make sure that
this town prospers
and grows.
Starting by raising our offer
on the property by $1 million.
Just think
of what that'll do
for this town.
Better schools.
Better roads.
Selling us this land
will mean
you won't have to slash
your budgets.
Thank you. Thank you
for your time.
Anyone else?
Then on the matter of
the Mistletoe rec center
property sale
to Skyridge Resorts.
we will now take
a vote.
Fred?
Aye.
Maureen?
Darlene?
Nay.
Jim?
EDGAR: Bob?
Aye.
And I'm a nay.
Three ayes. three nays.
That leaves Jackie.
Aye.
EDGAR:
The ayes have it.
I'm so sorry.
I need some air.
[SIGHS]
I know you probably hate me
right now.
But I wanted
to ask you something.
Dumping money on the problem
at the last minute.
[EXHALES] Dirty tactic.
I don't hate you.
I hate the company
you work for.
That's fair.
What did you wanna ask?
Okay. if I...
If I wasn't me...
Rather. wasn't the one
that took the rec center
from you.
Do you think...
Okay. let's say we bumped
into each other at a bar.
A juice bar.
[LAUGHS]
And I... I told you that
I just loved your smile.
And I really wanted
to get to know you.
And I'd never met anyone
like you.
Do you think we might've
hit it off?
Depends.
In this hypothetical.
do you insult
my Christmas decorations?
No.No?
Mm-mm.
[SNIFFLES] Then. yeah.
Yeah. I think we would.
I. um... I should go.
I... I... I didn't know.
What? Wait.
No. it's okay. it's okay.
You don't owe me
any explanation.
You... you deserve
to be happy.
I'm just so happy
for you.
[SIGHS]
[HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
You are so much
like your mom.
I heard you get up.
I figured you'd be here.
I couldn't sleep. Dad.
Yeah. me neither.
Did you hear they cancelled
the Christmas party?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. it sucks.
Come on. here.
[SIGHS]
How you holding up?
I'll be okay.
I just need to decide
what my next step is.
You know what?
It was about a month after
your mom got the studio
up and running
and I asked her
if she missed it.
You know. the city
and the excitement
and the lights.
And you know what she said?
She said I found
something better.
You?
[LAUGHS]
Uh. she was talking
about freedom.
You know. she could do
what she wanted
when she wanted.
New York was no longer
a dream for her.
I don't think life's paths
are ever straight.
They twist. they turn.
but I do think the best ones
take you to unexpected places.
[SIGHS]
Dad?
What are you
doing here?
I had to come and congratulate
my new COO in person.
Well done. Griffin.
You know. that extra million
that you put on top.
that was smart.
Right out of my own playbook.
Do you know the surveyors
will be here on Monday?
Oh that's. um...
that's...that's good.
Great. Why don't we go out.
have a nice meal to celebrate.
They've got places to eat
around here. don't they?
Yeah. they have a good
gingerbread pancake
down at Carl's Tavern.
so we'll go there.
Gingerbread pancakes.
Okay.
GRIFFIN: [CHUCKLES]
They are all named Carl.
on that wall.
That's certainly quaint.
isn't it?
Here you are.
Thank you.
Enjoy.Yeah.
Buddy of yours?
Yeah. we do
a fitness class
together.
Pretty much
everybody here
is your buddy.
You know this is good.
Yeah. Isn't it?
Tastes like Christmas.
[LAUGHS] Sure. I guess so.
Listen. Griffin.
there's this space
that's opening up
in the Poconos.
I want you there Thursday.
Dad. tell me something.
What is your favorite thing
about Christmas?
What?
Come on. We never
talk about this stuff.
Just. humor me.
[SCOFFS] Okay. well...
I guess when I was little.
I got this authentic
toy train set.
And every year.
I looked forward
to getting a new part
to add to the track.
I never knew that. That...
that explains a lot.
[LAUGHS]
Well. your mother was better
at that sentimental
holiday stuff.
Dad.Mm?
I don't wanna be COO.
What are they putting
in these pancakes?
Dad. listen to me. listen.
I have a plan.
But I need you to have
an open mind for this.
Hey. I got your message.
Why do you have to make
five dozen Christmas rolls
in two hours?
You do know
the party's cancelled. right?
Not anymore.
Haven't you heard?
It is back on.
all thanks to Griffin.What?
[ON VOICEMAIL]
Darlene. hey. It's Griffin.
I know the rec center
Christmas party of yours
got cancelled
after yesterday's vote
but I can't let that happen.
So. party's back on.
I'll make sure it all
comes together.
I would love some of
those Christmas rolls
if you have time.
Why is he doing this?
It's best not to question
a Christmas miracle.
Come on!Okay.
[HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Dad.
I can see it.
See what?
What you saw
in this place.
You're not disappointed
in our new arrangement?
No. no. no. If anything.
I'm. uh. I'm proud.
Thank you. Dad.
I love you.
I love you. Griffin.
So. where is she?
Who?
The one
that clearly inspired
all of this.
No. it's not...
It's not like that.
It's...
Ah. say no more.
Hey.Hi.
Griffin. don't give up.
Thank you. Dad.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Uh. excuse me. everyone.
just for a moment.
If I could just have
your attention.
It'll just take
a second.
First of all...
[CLEARS THROAT]
I just wanted to.
um. thank you all
for... for coming
on such short notice.
I know how much this party
meant to you
and I wanted to make sure...
that I... that I
made it happen for you.
Um. but that's not
the only reason
that I brought you here.
I. um. I have some good news.
At least I hope
it's good news.
I'm happy to announce
that... that the...
Mistletoe Skyridge
will integrate
the rec center
and all of its offerings
into our new design.
And. uh. you know. I think
what's really beautiful.
is the space will be tailored
to Mistletonians
and everybody else
who lives here.
Merry Christmas to you
and long live the rec center!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUDING]
Yes!
BRADLEY: Oh. if I wasn't
clean eating right now.
I would devour
one of those Christmas rolls.
They look delicious. right?
You're missing out.
Hey. I found
this great listing.
I gotta show you.
It's a loft in midtown.
so close to Solis.
It is perfect.
I'm sorry. Bradley.
I... I can't do it.
Can't do what?
Move back to New York.
I belong here.
What about our dreams?
This is my dream.
I'm going to stay in Mistletoe
and livestream classes.
Do things my way.
And us?
I'll always care about you.
[SCOFFS]
[CHOKES UP] I'll miss you.
Did I just see
Bradley leave?
I ended it.
And?
It feels right.
You know what.
often the hardest things
are the most worthwhile.
Come on.
Thanks. Dad.
I'm proud of you.
sweetheart.
Dad. why don't you take
your own advice?
Darlene. Dad.
Oh... [SPUTTERS]Talk to her.
Um. I don't know
how to do that anymore.
Go ask her to dance.Uh...
Go.All right.
Go!
[EXHALES]
Can I cut in. please?
Thank you.
You look very handsome
tonight. Edgar.
Thank you. Darlene.
You look...
You look absolutely beautiful.
Uh. do you think that.
uh. in the very
near future that...
you could have dinner...
with me?
What took you so long?[LAUGHS]
I'd love to.
Oh.
Ah. imagine all the tourists
that will come to ski
but stay for
Mistletoe Coffee Co.
I would say
that this news is
the best
Christmas present ever.
I don't know.
I think I have something
that might top it.
Oh. sweetie.
I thought we said
we weren't gonna
do presents
until tomorrow.
Just open it.Okay.
Wait. Wait. are... you're...
is this... we're...
I mean you. mainly.
but we're...
Yes.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Wow. Uh.
let's name him Griffin.
What?Joke. I'm joking.
It's a joke.
[HOLIDAY MUSIC PLAYING]
Who knew Griffin Weston
could throw
a Christmas party?
[CHUCKLES]
Well. [CLEARS THROAT]
I had some help
and it's just all about
capturing a feeling.
Oh.
You look stunning.
Not so bad yourself.
So. was all that true?
About saving the rec center
and keeping it as is?
Every word of it.
Yeah. we're gonna find a way
to build it into
the whole system.
[CHUCKLES]
I'm shocked. Elated.
Just... shocked.
It's all because of you.
You inspired me
to follow my own path.
You showed me how special
this town was.
how special Christmas was.
how...
how special you are.
Now. I know you're engaged...
I'm not engaged.
I know you saw me
with the ring.
and then.
we were talking and...
I just needed you
to know that.
So you two...
Are over. Over.
[CHUCKLES]
Really?Yeah.
That's great.
[LAUGHS]
I mean... [LAUGHS]
I'm sorry.
I mean. "Oh. no."
[BOTH LAUGH]
Are you okay?
Stop.
[LAUGHS]
You know. it turns out.
you're pretty inspiring. too.
Really? Is that so?
Well. your whole
livestream idea.
it helped me figure out
my new path.
And I'll be able
to teach
all my classes
right here in Mistletoe.
To reach anyone.
anywhere.
Funny thing about that is
I'm staying here. too.
You're looking at the new
operations manager
of the resort.
Oh.[BOTH LAUGHS]
I have to stay here
to make sure that
my vision becomes a reality.
So we'll both be here...
together.
Yeah.Hmm.
GRIFFIN: Well. would you
look at that!
Mistletoe.
Someone once told me
it's not to be messed with.
[ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[SALSA MUSIC PLAYING]